2016 Election cyber attack 

Technology has been able to progress at an increadible rate. The technological 
boom has created many amazing opportunities for the world, however it has also been 
used to create technological harm.  One of such instances of what one could call harmful 
is the 2016 United States election, which consisted of a multitude of cyber attack strategies. 
The 2016 election cyber attack was a production of russian hackers whom used Phishing Attacks, Malware Attacks,
and data theft in order to infeltrade into Americans personal information.
The vulneralibility was discovered through a multitude of factors, such as cybersecurity investigations, monitoring, 
and whistleblowers. Nevertheless the vulnerability of the attacks were brought to light a little to late. As the cyber attackers
were able to expoit the vulnerability through gaining acess to peoples email accounts and
sensitive data. The malware attacks were of hight risk as it allowed the attackers to 
infiltrate computer systems and networks.  Once the hackers had gained access they were allowed to move 
laterally witihin the network and gain unauthorized access to critical and classified systems.  In this case it was 
goverment clasified systems which attained information about the election that was currently ongoing.  Such acess allowed 
the hackers to also create and spread a great amount of false information as the election was occuring. They 
were granted access to analytical information that allowed for them to tamper with data which was strictly classified. Such 
manipulation happening in a multitude of instances and little cyber security agareness on the United States systems caused the 2016 United States election
to be historic in more than one way.  The United states Presidential election was an act of cyber espionage which was attrivuted to the Russian government
hackers. It was a great learning lesson for the United States Goverment, as a nation is now aware of the vulnerabilities and has used such an instances to 
raise awareness on cyber security. 



The Biggest Password Leak 

In June 2021 there was a massive compilation of passwords that were leaked.  Over 8.4 billion passwords were exposed in the RockYou2021 cyber attack. 
The event is known as the largest breach since the RockYou 2009 incident which affected 32 million passwords.  The information was leaked by a forum user
who posted a massive 100GB file that contained the entries of passwords, which is theoerized to have been a combination of previous data leaks and breaches.  
It is presumed that the hackers used phishihng attacks in order to attain the information.  There were many factors that facilitated the breach, however
one which cannot be passed over is the weak passwords which can be easily guessed and making it easier for cyber attackers to gain access to more of
the users personal information.    The data breaches are not out of normal for hackers, passwords are always highly sought out in the hacking realm. Credentails were 
to types of infotmion stolen in data breaches, averaging of 60% of United States breaches.  